Update 17 to use renamed RSS plugin APIs (#11)
uncenter/learn-eleventy: 17.md

1. We use XML for RSS feeds, so in our `permalink` we create `feed.xml`.
2. After that, we set some information about our website, which we added in `site.json` earlier on.

> 3. We then tell the feed reader (or whatever consumes this feed) when it was last updated. We do that with the `getNewestCollectionItemDate | dateToRfc3339` filter, provided by the RSS plugin by Eleventy. We pass the entire `blog` collection in there to do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. We then tell the feed reader (or whatever consumes this feed) when it was last updated. We do that with the `getNewestCollectionItemDate` and `dateToRfc3339` filters provided by the Eleventy RSS plugin. We pass the entire `blog` collection in there to do that.
```
